# IndustryTerms

## Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)
https://medium.com/@jotadeveloper/abstract-syntax-trees-on-javascript-534e33361fc7

## Concurrency model and Event Loop
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLoop

## Web Standards
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_standards

## Semantic HTML
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_HTML

## Plain Old Java Object (POJO)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_Old_Java_Object

## Plain Old Semantic HTML (POSH)
http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200711/posh_plain_old_semantic_html/

## Separation of Concerns
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns

## Mixin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixin

## Shim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shim_(computing)

## Polyfill
https://remysharp.com/2010/10/08/what-is-a-polyfill

## Ponyfill
https://ponyfoo.com/articles/polyfills-or-ponyfills

## Debounce
http://davidwalsh.name/javascript-debounce-function

## Currying
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currying

## Partial Application
http://ejohn.org/blog/partial-functions-in-javascript/

## Monads
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monad_(functional_programming)

## Memoizing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memoization

## Duck Typing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_typing

## Duck Punching
http://www.paulirish.com/2010/duck-punching-with-jquery/

## Dogfooding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_your_own_dog_food

## Monkey Patch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch

## Anonymous Function
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anonymous_function

## Revealing Module Pattern
http://toddmotto.com/mastering-the-module-pattern/

## Multi-part Module with Loose/Tight Augmentation
http://www.adequatelygood.com/JavaScript-Module-Pattern-In-Depth.html

## Reflection
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_(computer_programming)

## IIFE
http://benalman.com/news/2010/11/immediately-invoked-function-expression/

## Progressive Enhancement
http://www.sitepoint.com/progressive-enhancement-graceful-degradation-basics/

## Regressive Enhancement
http://www.sitepoint.com/regressive-enhancement-with-modernizr-and-yepnope/

## Defensive Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_programming

## Fault Tolerance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fault_tolerance

## Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself

## You aren't gonna need it (YAGNI)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_aren%27t_gonna_need_it

## Jank
https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/trace-event-profiling-tool/anatomy-of-jank

## Development 

## Semantic Versioning (Sem Ver)
http://semver.org/

## Waterfall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterfall_model

## Agile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development

	- Wagile
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wagile_software_development

	- Fragile
	https://northwaysolutions.com/blog/agile-vs-fragile/#.VbcyIZOqpBc

## Persona Driven Development
http://krisjordan.com/2008/09/12/persona-driven-development-meet-customers-first-write-unit-tests-later

## Extreme Programming 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_programming

## Pair Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pair_programming

## Code Review
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_review

# Testing / Deployment

## Test Driven Development (TDD)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

## Behaviour Driven Development (BDD)
http://guide.agilealliance.org/guide/bdd.html

## Functional Testing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_testing

## Smoke Testing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_testing_(software)

## Regression Testing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regression_testing

## Usability Testing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usability_testing

## Continuous Integration (CI)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration

## Continuous Delivery (CD)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_delivery


# Architecture

## Hexagonal Architecture
https://fideloper.com/hexagonal-architecture

## Onion Architecture
https://blog.thedigitalgroup.com/understanding-onion-architecture

## Immutable Architecture
https://medium.com/react-weekly/embracing-immutable-architecture-dc04e3f08543

## Flux
http://facebook.github.io/flux

## CQRS
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html

## Event Sourcing
http://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/EventSourcing.html

## Reactive Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactive_programming

## Micro Services (also affects operational and development structures)
http://microservices.io/patterns/microservices.html

## Service Oriented Architecture
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service-oriented_architecture

## Event Driven Architecture (EDA)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_architecture)

## Domain Driven Design
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-driven_design

## Constraint Driven Design
https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/AutolayoutPG/Introduction/Introduction.html

## Aspect Oriented Programming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspect-oriented_software_development

## Inversion of Control (IoT)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inversion_of_control

## Single Responsibility Principle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle

## Cohesion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cohesion_(computer_science)

## Orthogonality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthogonality_(programming)

## Interoperability
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interoperability

## Software Brittleness
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_brittleness

## Data Federation
http://searchdatamanagement.techtarget.com/definition/data-federation-technology

## Feature Toggle
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FeatureToggle.html

## Yak Shaving
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/15511/yak-shaving

## Bike Shedding
https://css-tricks.com/what-is-bikeshedding/

# Further Resources:

https://github.com/aurajs/aura/wiki/Resources-On-Scalable-JavaScript-Application-Architecture

https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/javascript-the-good/9780596517748/ch04s15.html

http://addyosmani.com/resources/essentialjsdesignpatterns/book/
